Boss Wang
Please take care of yourself.

Mr. Wang
What about us Xiaoxu?
He's just great professionally
But otherwise, it's kind of sluggish.
I don't think so.
You chased the prince of the Zhou family in the rain a few days ago
Why are you pretending to be pure with me?
Well, I chased Zhou Yanjing of my own accord
Don't worry about Boss Wang, I'll tell you first.
Stop
The name of Zhou Yanjing
Are you familiar with shouting?
No wonder Zhao Lian'an
Will visit in person
I'm afraid it's not that Miss Xu has already taken off all her clothes on Zhou Yanjing's bed
Or say
So they're both waiting?

Mr. Wang
No.
If he is really Zhou Yanjing's woman
I must play
Miss Xu, Mr. Zhou told you not to come in
When did he say that?
just
Xu Shiyang
You still think
Can you really stay by his side all the time?
Sister Yan
You have these two faces here.
Which one is real?
Xu Shiyang
Why did you lie to me?